once they were horsemen that scoured the
earth oh it was their oyster as it did
with that story
this one would begin and end with for
immortals a warrior slay from the
highlands of Brazil
our holy man corrupted by evil
Oh
a young new immortal in the game
a monster from the pages of history
looking to end it all four lives that
became so intrinsically linked
vengeance betrayals retribution this is
the game we play this is the game we
must play yes to survive to learn to end
or take out become stronger endeavor to
be the last of our crimes no matter how
long
I'll fight the troubles
the house always wins there can be only
one them they can only be done you own
the table home girl
I yes
it's really a vicious circle is never
you leap you lose a swim this
Brothers